Content Edits (#7210)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/walkthroughs/lesson-1.mdx

import { Markdown } from '../../../components/Markdown';
import { Emoji } from '../../../components/primitives/Emoji';
import { Well } from '../../../components/primitives/Well';
import { RelatedContent } from '../../../components/RelatedContent';

# Lesson 1: Installing Keystone

Learn how to install Keystone, create your first content type, and get an app up and running with an intuitive editing environment.

## Introduction

Welcome to the Keystone getting started series!

Together we’ll learn how to turn an empty folder into a database-backed Keystone instance with related content types, publishing workflows, password protection, an editing interface, and more.

!> Looking to demo Keystone in under 5 minutes? [Try the quick-start CLI](/docs/walkthroughs/getting-started-with-create-keystone-app)

This series assumes you have some basic familiarity with:

- The **command line** for running Keystone
- The **node ecosystem** for installing packages from npm, and running npm scripts

> - **JavaScript/TypeScript** for programming Keystone. We’ll stick with JavaScript in this series, but you can also benefit from Keystone’s TypeScript capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **JavaScript/TypeScript** for programming Keystone. You won't need to use much typescript in this series, however you can still benefit from using Keystone's inbuilt types
```

- **GraphQL** for querying your Keystone content

## Install Keystone

Let’s start by setting up a workspace for a new Keystone project. Make a new folder and initialise it:

```bash
mkdir keystone-learning
cd keystone-learning
yarn init
```

!> We’ll be using `yarn` for installing packages, but you can use `npm` or any other package manager you prefer.

Now add the Keystone package:

```bash
yarn add @keystone-6/core
```

## Configure Keystone

> Keystone looks for a file named `keystone` at the project root to handle configuration needs. Let's go ahead and set one up using TypeScript:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone looks for a file named `keystone.ts` (or `keystone.js`) at the project root to handle configuration needs. Let's go ahead and set one up using TypeScript:
```
